README.md, before:

# ansible-role-adguard

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/tkimball83/ansible-role-adguard.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/tkimball83/ansible-role-adguard)

macOS - The world's most advanced ad blocker

## Requirements

This role requires homebrew and homebrew cask to be installed

## Role Variables

Available variables are listed below, along with default values:

    adguard_pkg: Adguard
    adguard_domain: "com.adguard.{{ adguard_pkg }}"
    adguard_defaults: {}

## Dependencies

None

## Example Playbook

    - hosts: localhost
      connection: local
      roles:
        - role: tkimball83.adguard
          adguard_defaults:
            FilteringEnabled:
              type: bool
              value: true
            FirstRun:
              type: bool
              value: false
            KextAllowed:
              type: bool
              value: true
            PopupBlockerEnabled:
              type: bool
              value: true
            PrivacyProtectionEnabled:
              type: bool
              value: true
            SUHasLaunchedBefore:
              type: bool
              value: true
            SafebrowsingEnabled:
              type: bool
              value: true
            StartAtLogin:
              type: bool
              value: true
            WebOfTrustEnabled:
              type: bool
              value: true

## License

GPLv3

## Author Information

This role was created by [Taylor Kimball](http://www.linuxhq.org).

Commit message:

Change: Fix deprecation warnings and set min_ansible_version to 2.5

README.md, after:

# ansible-role-adguard

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/tkimball83/ansible-role-adguard.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/tkimball83/ansible-role-adguard)
[![Ansible Galaxy](https://img.shields.io/badge/ansible--galaxy-adguard-blue.svg?style=flat)](https://galaxy.ansible.com/tkimball83/adguard)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-GPLv3-brightgreen.svg?style=flat)](COPYING)

macOS - The world's most advanced ad blocker

## Requirements

This role requires homebrew and homebrew cask to be installed

## Role Variables

Available variables are listed below, along with default values:

    adguard_defaults: {}
    adguard_domain: "com.adguard.{{ adguard_package }}"
    adguard_package: Adguard

## Dependencies

None

## Example Playbook

    - hosts: localhost
      connection: local
      roles:
        - role: tkimball83.adguard
          adguard_defaults:
            FilteringEnabled:
              type: bool
              value: true
            FirstRun:
              type: bool
              value: false
            KextAllowed:
              type: bool
              value: true
            PopupBlockerEnabled:
              type: bool
              value: true
            PrivacyProtectionEnabled:
              type: bool
              value: true
            SUHasLaunchedBefore:
              type: bool
              value: true
            SafebrowsingEnabled:
              type: bool
              value: true
            StartAtLogin:
              type: bool
              value: true
            WebOfTrustEnabled:
              type: bool
              value: true

## License

Copyright (C) 2018 Taylor Kimball <tkimball@linuxhq.org>

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
